hello to all and all these open and
yes it was a long time since I had not
does a commented video is so
today I want to start a
new small series with you it's in
have you share what I know
in the coding of the patch and all that so
I will teach you the basis of a
patch how to make it there me doing
so end for me is the slaughter of a
page maybe other engines you
will say that for them not at all for
me is the base is the patch area
I call it the base
after everyone calls him like yves
and I will teach you how
said and you will see that there is no
that the patch functions in fact one
can do a lot of things in shingles
it's super cool so I'll put all
the software that you need in
the description do not worry and
and not the slope must not bend
it's still really easy
just have to do what I am at
the screen then all at first not it
you need to zone handler software that
allows you to extract how much mark
and therefore to leave the area of a patch
so me it's bad huh because
you saw that on youtube gmail at the
beta of a patch so it's over my wine
there's even the v2 that's going on but as
post life I do not know yet the
schedules to all that I can not you
show my infinite glass with the area and
change everything so bah I show it game
extract area was waiting because I
think I had done before I
had not done Abbassi yeah here I
stupid here it is actually it was there my match
and I had it I had already done it I
had it already extract so to you the
judges have shown how does it's very
simple actually extract zon that you
put so you are looking for your patch
in any file of this patch 1
that's it and the area is there so I'm going
put next to fashion models is so
in this video I teach you to
change your models actually
that's what will allow you to
strafe with shooting on allows
to reach super man people with
your model and if you have a
function in your coach so that's it
not in the area by cons attention he
will be the infinite ammo on your
model
and if you have a function in your
patch like rapid fire or super pass
not that's it ben then you will shoot
infinity and it's super hot
it's one of the best functions of the
area that we can m so here
now that we have our zone we are going
open it and in the zone
we are going to search so you do ctrl
for those who do not know it's rlf here
and you mark model ben here we know
already noticed but he 187 shot from the mount
reduced as you want mp there you
do then you can even do
forward is simply I'm doing
always at the party
ok it puts you here so there you see
well there is the lack ever sought and
you're going to take effect screen
and you're finally going to you so here you are
are you the zone either you go down
good all the way down if you already want
copy everything or else a thing a lot
mighty that a man's jaguar was trying
to go back I do not know where I was so
tech
here we go open the models up and
you go all everything on everything
copy so if you see it wrong and
because it's finally with him that
I learned what and I wanted to do
do what else to take with others
passions and that's really good and so I
the same function as him in my coach
so I actually changed them
so maybe you are not there
there will not be the same stuff like that
because I had already modified but
it is not serious
once you have it copy the tooth
of the way because it is copied to here
so we make her lands she knows if
you do not know yet that's the effect you
go down ba ba ba ba it's when enough
low good do not miss
and I have a small end mark this is the
end what is the benchmark it's simple to
know where I was and I believe that
I exceeded
go I can I'm here ah yes yes
I was gone I went too fast
it's adeline to the fact that it's going to take
stop at the bling model 1187 bling
there stop you here just before the point
and you do ctrl b actually it's okay
just change
yes and here it is a dream but then
the football heroes back the point
always pay attention that is 0 0
because sometimes he's two like
that e
sails and sailboats that it does not change
except that no it must be 0 01
point there then once it's done
drool to sai models are they are well
modeled no need to add
puncturing the page or anything
so him at montclus how do we do
that for klose away his lands pupils 4
so here's mom once you
did it on ice and in red or
makes her land she's actually it's
as if you are leaning on the small
cartridge here's these lands lsc
checked in
you leave and for m then in
your coach you go france to zone en
their super fast crazy zone injection
simple when we are patch software
so here it is the zone chose the zone
and then we choose where we want
inject it into the patch 1
and that's good it's over for this
first episode I think I'm not going
show you on the ps3 starts to actually
with the models and then at worst if you
put in the comments of me
finally show to show you
I'll do a little video in private that
with the link you will see and and then
that's how you'll see it works
well
without you can test by yourself
so his walking for you you say
in the comments you have
maybe did something wrong what
that's it for this video mom
but I tell you see you all soon for
the second episode that will happen very
soon to really spend a series
Dear to my heart
the outputs of maps for those who
wait do not worry that word of
reinforcements of that happens
hide I was doing a
mac output compilation so that I
think I 'll do them all of a sudden but m
a video during a video is like that
you will have everything where all the outputs
map in any case that I know that
I found what surely reinforcements
two and you'll be happy that's so
did you like this video down remember
not to put a green thumb if you have
problems or questions to ask
do not forget to comment and you
subscribe enough 1 Jul of sir
this is everyone ko